steps/README.md, before:

# Steps of the tutorial

These are the steps of the tutorial:

* [Step 0 – Getting Started](00-getting-started)
* [Step 1 – Creating an IoT gateway container](01-kura-part-1)
* [Step 2 – Deploying EnMasse](02-enmasse)
* [Step 3 – Deploying Eclipse Hono](03-hono)
* [Step 4 – Deploy a Kafka cluster with Strimzi](04-strimzi)
* [Step 5 – Bridging Hono and Kafka](05-bridge)
* [Step 6 – Web Frontend](06-frontend)
* [Step 7 – Kura Application](07-kura-part-2)
* [Step 8 – Deploying Eclipse Che](08-che-part-1)
* [Step 9 – Importing projects](09-che-part-2)
* [Step 10 – Making changes](10-che-part-3)

The following steps assume, that the DNS name of your OKD cluster
is `cluster00.amazing.iot-playground.org`, if your DNS name is different
(which should be the case) then you need to replace this in all commands and links.

The same is true for some (not all) Git URLs. Some URL are in the form `git@github.com:<you>/foo-bar.git`.
In this case you need to have a clone of that repository and replace `<you>` with
your account name. Or use a custom Git URI altogether.

This tutorial assumes that your shell is in the actual sub-directory of the step
when executing commands.

Commit message:

Replace the default cluster with something else.
That is not HTML-ish but still should prevent people from directly
using it.

steps/README.md, after:

# Steps of the tutorial

These are the steps of the tutorial:

* [Step 0 – Getting Started](00-getting-started)
* [Step 1 – Creating an IoT gateway container](01-kura-part-1)
* [Step 2 – Deploying EnMasse](02-enmasse)
* [Step 3 – Deploying Eclipse Hono](03-hono)
* [Step 4 – Deploy a Kafka cluster with Strimzi](04-strimzi)
* [Step 5 – Bridging Hono and Kafka](05-bridge)
* [Step 6 – Web Frontend](06-frontend)
* [Step 7 – Kura Application](07-kura-part-2)
* [Step 8 – Deploying Eclipse Che](08-che-part-1)
* [Step 9 – Importing projects](09-che-part-2)
* [Step 10 – Making changes](10-che-part-3)

The following steps assume, that the DNS name of your OKD cluster
is `[[clusterXX]].amazing.iot-playground.org`, if your DNS name is different
(which should be the case) then you need to replace this in all commands and links.
You'll probably just change `[[clusterXX]]` with your exact cluster, like `cluster00` for example.

The same is true for some (not all) Git URLs. Some URL are in the form `git@github.com:<you>/foo-bar.git`.
In this case you need to have a clone of that repository and replace `<you>` with
your account name. Or use a custom Git URI altogether.

This tutorial assumes that your shell is in the actual sub-directory of the step
when executing commands.
